README.md, before:

# GridActionRenderer Add-on for Vaadin 7

GridActionRenderer is an add-on for Vaadin 7. It's a renderer for adding an action column to Grid with separate tooltips for each action.

There are two extended Grid versions included for ease of use: ActionGrid for regular actions and DownloadActionGrid for when one or more of the actions should trigger a download. The download functionality uses [GridFileDownloader add-on](https://vaadin.com/directory#!addon/gridfiledownloader).

It's possible to use the renderer with a vanilla Grid or some other extended Grid version, but in those cases it's still necessary to copy over the functionality from the aforementioned classes, as well as the ActionGridConnector (or tooltips won't work). Neither action handling nor download triggering are trivial additions to Grid, so take care and test extensively if you make modifications to the default behaviour.

For an example of how to use ActionGrid, see [src/main/java/org/vaadin/anna/gridactionrenderer/demo/MyActionGrid.java](https://github.com/Ansku/GridActionRenderer/blob/master/gridactionrenderer-demo/src/main/java/org/vaadin/anna/gridactionrenderer/demo/MyActionGrid.java)

For an example of how to use DownloadActionGrid, see [src/main/java/org/vaadin/anna/gridactionrenderer/demo/MyDownloadActionGrid.java](https://github.com/Ansku/GridActionRenderer/blob/master/gridactionrenderer-demo/src/main/java/org/vaadin/anna/gridactionrenderer/demo/MyDownloadActionGrid.java)

Commit message:

Added Directory badges
Hi, 

Your component is listed on Vaadin Directory. We think it would be cool to showcase these badges. For more information on how to generate these badges, head to this [guide](https://vaadin.com/blog/vaadin-directory-now-welcomes-custom-github-badges).

Binh

README.md, after:

[![Published on Vaadin  Directory](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vaadin%20Directory-published-00b4f0.svg)](https://vaadin.com/directory/component/gridactionrenderer-add-on)
[![Stars on vaadin.com/directory](https://img.shields.io/vaadin-directory/star/gridactionrenderer-add-on.svg)](https://vaadin.com/directory/component/gridactionrenderer-add-on)

# GridActionRenderer Add-on for Vaadin 7

GridActionRenderer is an add-on for Vaadin 7. It's a renderer for adding an action column to Grid with separate tooltips for each action.

There are two extended Grid versions included for ease of use: ActionGrid for regular actions and DownloadActionGrid for when one or more of the actions should trigger a download. The download functionality uses [GridFileDownloader add-on](https://vaadin.com/directory#!addon/gridfiledownloader).

It's possible to use the renderer with a vanilla Grid or some other extended Grid version, but in those cases it's still necessary to copy over the functionality from the aforementioned classes, as well as the ActionGridConnector (or tooltips won't work). Neither action handling nor download triggering are trivial additions to Grid, so take care and test extensively if you make modifications to the default behaviour.

For an example of how to use ActionGrid, see [src/main/java/org/vaadin/anna/gridactionrenderer/demo/MyActionGrid.java](https://github.com/Ansku/GridActionRenderer/blob/master/gridactionrenderer-demo/src/main/java/org/vaadin/anna/gridactionrenderer/demo/MyActionGrid.java)

For an example of how to use DownloadActionGrid, see [src/main/java/org/vaadin/anna/gridactionrenderer/demo/MyDownloadActionGrid.java](https://github.com/Ansku/GridActionRenderer/blob/master/gridactionrenderer-demo/src/main/java/org/vaadin/anna/gridactionrenderer/demo/MyDownloadActionGrid.java)
